additional updates to the SGA data model (#137)
legacysurvey/legacysurvey: pages/sga/sga2020.rst

   again, in 1-pixel or 0.262 arcsec intervals).

   We fit the resulting curve-of-growth, :math:`m(r)` using the following
   empirical model:

   .. math::
                   
      m(r) = m_{tot} + m_{0} \log_{e}\left[1 + \alpha_{1} \left(\frac{r}{r_{0}}\right)^{-\alpha_{2}} \right]

   where :math:`m_{tot}`, :math:`m_{0}`, :math:`\alpha_{1}`, :math:`\alpha_{2}`,
   and :math:`r_{0}` are constant parameters of the model and *r* is the
   semi-major axis in arcsec. In our analysis we take the radius scale factor
   :math:`r_{0}=10` arcsec to be fixed. Note that in the limit
   :math:`r\rightarrow\infty`, :math:`m_{tot}` is the total, integrated
   magnitude.

>    With this model, the half-light radius, :math:`r_{50}` can be inferred from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   With this model, the half-light semi-major axis, :math:`r_{50}` can be inferred from
```
